README: add a section describing MicroPython's design values (#18188)
micropython/micropython: README.md

  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/micropython/micropython/master/logo/upython-with-micro.jpg" alt="MicroPython Logo"/>
</p>

This is the MicroPython project, which aims to put an implementation
of Python 3.x on microcontrollers and small embedded systems.
This is the MicroPython project, an implementation of Python 3.x for
microcontrollers, embedded systems and other constrained platforms.
You can find the official website at [micropython.org](http://www.micropython.org).

WARNING: this project is in beta stage and is subject to changes of the
code-base, including project-wide name changes and API changes.

> 

Reviewer: huh, I hadn't noticed this paragraph still being here! Certainly long past being out of beta in my opinion! 

For other new people / companies looking at micropython, this could have been a reason for them to not take it seriously...

Reviewer 2: Oh wow, I had also never noticed this!

Note that MicroPython is licenced under the MIT license, and all contributions
should follow this license.

MicroPython design values
-------------------------

For its design and implementation, MicroPython aims to follow a set of values.
Although not a strict set of rules, these values and principles serve as a
useful guide for new and seasoned contributors, as well as maintainers.

MicroPython is at heart a combination of "Micro" and "Python": it's about
resource constrained systems running the Python programming language.  Both of
these concepts balance off against each other in all parts of MicroPython's
design and implementation.

The key concepts that focus the development of MicroPython are:

> - Minimalism: do lots with little.
> - Efficiency, in all respects: coding, build, execution, power consumption.
> - Consistency: the whole system feels like it was designed at once.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Minimalism: do lots with little.
- Efficiency: in engineering, build, execution, storage, power consumption.
- Consistency: the whole system feels like it was designed at once.
```

Having the heading on 'efficiency' be longer bugs me, and it's just not necessary to disclaim that the sublist isn't exhaustive.

I'd also 'engineering' instead of 'coding' --- it's not just about composing program code, it's also everything else that contributes to fast or slow iteration times.

When using MicroPython, the Python language is used as the human interface to an
embedded system, giving fine control over the entities attached to that system.
In a hardware setting, MicroPython aims to give the user a bare-metal feeling:
one should feel like they have complete control over the system, with very
little between the programmer and the physical world.

MicroPython recognises that systems can be very complex.  The existing Python
libraries in combination with the MicroPython-specific libraries provide a
user-friendly way to harness the complexity of a system.

Python language compatibility is very important to MicroPython, and at first
glance MicroPython should look just like regular Python.  In the first instance,

> a Python script should run unchanged on MicroPython, even on devices with very

Reviewer 4: This could probably be clarified a bit. Not just any Python script can run on MicroPython.

Reviewer 5: Agree. Often people think that a micro board is like a general purpose PC and expect large Python packages to run.
